Alec ; walks up to counter and says “i'm here for my appointment.”


James; “yes sir, I just need your date of birth to look you up in the computer” 


Alec; “sep 16 1998”


james : types that into the search box. A list of patients with that birthday appears sorted by most recent appointment date so that Alec is at the top.


James: “Alec Aichele?”


Alec ; “Thats me.”


James; selects Alec from the patient list, and Alec’s contact info appears in a modal


James:  “are you still at address?”


Alec: “no I moved to new address”

James: “okay I will update that for you”


James: “ have you change your phone number?”

Alec: “ No same number for 10 years :D”


James: “ would you like to update any of your emergency contacts if they also moved.”


Alec: “No they are the same.

James: “ okay well I have you all checked in. would you please have a seat.”


Alec:” Sure”

















Mike: “Alec could you please come this way?” leads Alec to exam room “Could you please confirm your birthday.


Alec; “sep 16 1998”


Mike: Types that into the search box. A list of patients with that birthday appears sorted by most recent appointment date so that Alec is at the top. Selects Alec from the list, and  a visit summary appears. With a drop down box selected that asks the reason for the visit.

Mike “ What brings you into the office today?”


Alec; “My right ear hurts and I can’t hear well“

Mike: selects New ailment from the drop down and enters “Patient complained of pain in the right ear as well as decreased hearing.”

Mike: “No problem let me just get your vitals.”

Alec: “umm okay”


Mike: checks Alecs temp and enters it.


Mike: checks Alecs heart rate and enters it.


Mike: checks Alecs blood pressure and enters it.

Mike: “The doctor will be with you in just a min.”


































James: “Hello, I am Dr Wood. My nurse tells me you have an earache?”


Alec:” yah it hurts really bad, and I can’t hear out of it.

James: “well first things first I need you to confirm your birth date?”


Alec; “sep 16 1998”


James : types that into the search box. A list of patients with that birthday appears sorted by most recent appointment date so that Alec is at the top.

James; “Okay I found you. Let's take a look at that ear.”

James: looks into Alec’s ear,”WOW that’s not good.”

James: “you definitely have an ear infection”


James: selects diagnosis field and types in ear infection.


James: opens medications page selects add new medication a modal appears, James selects  a antibiotic from dropdown menu and the rest auto fills in for a standard does. James doubles the dose because the infection is so bad! And presses submit and print. Then James repeats for a painkiller.

James: “I have prescribed a double dose of antibiotics and a strong painkiller. Take them as directed” 

Alec:” Thank you”


James: “You should be okay in a week if not give me a call.”
























Pages we need to have working
Act 1
Login, Patient search box, Patient selection, Patient contact update.


Act 2 
Login, Patient search box, Patient selection, visit summary, vitals, add vital.

Act 3
Login, Patient search box, Patient selection, visit summary, add and view diagnosis dr notes,  medications, add medication.